Remove advanced setting dependency for MQTT (#45185)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mqtt.markdown

### Advanced broker configuration

> Advanced broker configuration options include setting a custom client ID, setting a client certificate and key for authentication, and enabling TLS validation of the broker's certificate for secure connection. To access the advanced options, open the MQTT broker settings, select **Advanced options**, and click **Next**. Advanced broker options are shown by default when default advanced broker settings were changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advanced broker configuration options include setting a custom client ID, configuring a client certificate and key for authentication, and enabling TLS validation of the broker's certificate to ensure a secure connection. To access the advanced options, open the MQTT broker settings, select **Advanced options**, and select **Next**. Advanced broker options are shown by default when the default advanced broker settings are changed.
```
